Create pr-template.md (#205)
MikeSchulze/gdUnit4: .github/pr-template.md

# Why
<!-- Enter a clean description why we need this changeset -->

# What

> <!-- Eneter a clean description what you have changed and what the affects are -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- Describe exactly what you have changed and what the effects are -->
```
